# Stock Sentiment

---

This was a group project and final for my predictive analytics class. My group decided to look at the idea of predicting stock prices and seeing if using twitter and the sentiment of tweets using that stock’s ticker symbol could help us predict what would happen next with that specific stock. If these two were correlated, we would be happy, but if we could use the sentiment to predict the stock movements, lots more opportunities would present themselves. 
    The hardest aspect of this project by far was the collecting of data. Gathering the tweets from the twitter API would take about 10 hours and need to be run 2-3 times a week in order to gather all the tweets. This is due to being on a student budget and not being able to invest money into the less limiting twitter API that is able to pull a higher number of tweets from a larger time frame, but those are lessons for future projects. Gathering stock prices was also a challenge because most websites store the prices on hourly increments and there is also the time where the stock market is closed and so the prices will not be acting in real time with the sentiment of the tweets. 
    The biggest takeaway from this project was that there seemed to be a correlation between the sentiment and the stock prices that we saw. We were unable to find out if the stock price was reacting to the sentiment or if the sentiment was based on the stock price. If the sentiment is moving the stock price, that could be acted upon, but if the stock price is causing the changes in sentiment, we would be basing our predictions on what is already happening, not what will happen. Seeing the correlation was great and knowing they were tied together made it sense, but using the sentiment to buy/sell the stock would require more research. 
    For the full write-up, including the changes we would have made to the project and the ideas we have for how to improve our results, as well as the code for the project and the presentation itself, click here.
